what's on my iPad Mini I have a what's
on my iPhone I think I have three of
those so I'll link those down below
maybe only create a playlist of all
those and I also have what like my
iPhone case collection if you want to go
see that I'll link all those in like a
playlist but I want to guy show you is
on my iPad Mini because I use that a lot
more than I use my phone usually because
I'm usually on like Netflix or Twitter
or something like that
let's dance on it all right so this is
my case it's just pink and I got it from
the Apple store because I ordered my
iPad off the Apple store okay so I have
a white iPad I don't have the air it's
just a regular mini so my home screen is
of my cat cuz she's so cute and I'm
sorry if this kind of gets out of focus
because it has to refocus every time I
move something but my home screen is of
Connor Franta because I love him
so I have snapchat if you want to see my
snapchat I'll just put it like right
here oh and I'm not even logged in on
that but you can look at my stories then
I have tumblr my tumblr is always linked
down below it's just at sunset - smiling
I love tumblr expecially I got night I
can just go through it and reblog oh
that's cute we're gonna reblog that no
we're gonna yep okay then I have
facebook that's my personal facebook
then I have kick which is personal -
then I have Pinterest I love going on
Pinterest and I have vine I'll put my
vine name right here I love vine it's so
funny it they're just hilarious to watch
then I have I tube and if you don't know
what I tube is I request you go yet it's
probably the best app for music you can
go on to YouTube click in the song you
want favourite it or put in a playlist
and then you have free music then I have
quotes tags which is just a whole big
thing about
quotes has all these categories if this
is like where I get all my Instagram
captions yeah then I have Amazon pretty
self-explanatory Pandora I used to
listen to Pandora a lot so I have a lot
of stations and I'll go through my
stations so I have today's country hits
Mariah Carey
holiday Justin Bieber holiday Christmas
radio Megan Nicole radio Hannah Montana
radio Miley Cyrus radio Gleek cast radio
Demi Lovato radio Rihanna radio Kelly
Clarkson radio pop love songs radio pink
radio Taylor Swift radio today's adults
hit radio tween radio and today's hits
radio then I have the CW because I used
to watch the Carrie Diaries and Vampire
Diaries then I have the Kardashian game
I love this game I think I'm on level
seven and I'm still an a-lister I
haven't gotten to delist yet but I I
don't play it that much anymore then I
have my music I have I think 287 songs
my settings FaceTime messages and I
thought is linked to my phone so if I
don't want to be on my phone I'm on my
ipod and then you text someone with
iMessage I can do that then I
photography which most of this I have on
my phone but I don't have iMovie or
photo editor or photobooth then I have
some games I have flappy bird floppy
fall episode piano tiles and a hundred
gumballs I don't really use those except
for episode then I have my gmail which
is linked to my youtube and this right
here that never changes my Twitter my
Twitter is always linked down below I
love Twitter its addicting especially at
night as it's just funny looking at all
these then I have Netflix love that
Instagram
I think I'm yeah I'm on my personal
Instagram but both of them are linked
down below then I have YouTube pretty
self-explanatory my next page I have
photos notes app store calendar iTunes
camera utilities which is just
stuff I don't use but I really actually
do use Find My iPhone because I lose my
iPhone a lot so I'll track it on there
then I am male which is my personal
Safari a shortcut to my channel so I can
just click it and see like comments and
I can reply to comments because it won't
let me reply to comments on my laptop
only on my iPad then I have 204 eight
I don't know I got it because it was
unlike the one of the games store I
guess but I don't know even know how to
use it ok then I have restaurant that's
where you guessed the restaurant and
Cortney was playing that by the way
Courtney's like over there say hi so she
was playing it for me I don't know what
that is then I have bands in town which
is the best app ever you can hear my
couch shut up
I just link it to my town and whatever
celebrity your band is coming I can look
at it that I have IMDB which is just you
can look up people and then I am ksfy
weather because I love looking at the
weather alright guys hope you guys
enjoyed if you guys did give it a thumbs
up and I will talk to you guys in my
next video bye guys